Switch macOS and Linux default toolchain to .NET 5. (#19026)
OpenRA/OpenRA: INSTALL.md

The [.NET 5 download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0) provides repositories for various package managers and binary releases for several architectures. If you prefer to use Mono, we suggest adding the [upstream repository](https://www.mono-project.com/download/stable/#download-lin) for your distro to obtain the latest version and the `msbuild` toolchain.

To compile OpenRA, run `make` from the command line (or `make RUNTIME=mono` if using Mono). After this one can run the game with `./launch-game.sh`. It is also possible to specify the mod you wish to run from the command line, e.g. with `./launch-game.sh Game.Mod=ts` if you wish to try the experimental Tiberian Sun mod.

The default behaviour on the x86_64 architecture is to download several pre-compiled native libraries using the Nuget packaging manager. If you prefer to use system libraries, compile instead using `make TARGETPLATFORM=unix-generic`.

> If you choose to use system libraries, or your system is not x86_64, you will need to install [SDL 2](http://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php), [FreeType](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/freetype.htm), [OpenAL](http://kcat.strangesoft.net/openal.html), and [liblua 5.1](http://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/download.html) before compiling OpenRA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use system libraries, or your system is not x86_64, you will need to install [SDL 2](http://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php), [FreeType](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/freetype.htm), [OpenAL](https://openal-soft.org/), and [liblua 5.1](http://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/download.html) before compiling OpenRA.
```
